This migration cycle. Okay, okay. So his approach was not sufficient, so you're looking for something else. Okay, got it. No, no, it's not sufficient. It's not... Yeah, I will talk about the issue later, but there's two pieces actually if you read the story. One is that we need to actually do the cleanup on Terraform site, or basically clean up the Terraform stage, right? Because those are the tables that we are talking about, they were initially created within Terraform, but right now we agree that we are not going to use Terraform for this. We're going to move everything in the table creation tool Airflow. So there are two pieces. One is it's all here. First, we need to remove the table from Terraform state. Then we need to actually have a tool to migrate those tables into our audit tables, right? So that's the requirement here. You don't have to start working, but you can take a look at, you know, the story and also the code. I think the main logic may be there, but mainly about the structure, right? This is the physical structure, but in terms of the table management tool, we have another structure. If you take a look, I think Kanaka and Izan, they both worked on that before. It's more like they established, like, basically we have the main class, right, main code here. But the main code is a more kind of very abstract, very high level of, you know, more like an abstract kind of code. The details are in different processors and the handler. You can take a look at the structure, but I want to follow the same structure instead of creating a brand new deck. I would, you know, want to extend this tool following this structure. Also, another thing I want to consider is that we may have like about 100 tables, right? 100 tables. So right now in this tool, the current way is working, each table will have one deck, right? So have one deck. But for this migration, we may not want to do like a... At least 100 decks. Yeah, maybe we should consider accept a list of tables, like a list of 100 tables, and then migrate all of them in one DAG, right? OK, makes sense, makes sense. But you know, another thing is that it will be easier, but still there's another complexity is that BigQuery does not support too many tasks. I think up to like maybe a few hundred, 300 or 400 tasks, BigQuery will fail. Airflow is just fail, so it cannot create the task. So maybe we can, we should set a limit, maybe migrate a small batch, like a batch of five or a batch of 10. So you only have 100 tables, maybe every time we just migrate five or 10, and then after that move to another batch, right? That's what I was saying I want to achieve, you know. You can take a look at the story and his code. I think I shared with the merge request already. I asked him to refine, but I don't know whether he already worked on something or like not started, but you can take a look at the listing code and our target state, right? Uh, so the previous code, can you show me the sound one? It's here. It's already here, the main branch, this one. Okay, so on the main branch, perfect. Yeah, let me do the parse, the local parse, right? So here, this one, you can work on this one first. Yeah, ideally I would say that our next two weeks, I think from two weeks from now, I will want to finish this one. Okay, ideally. But if you run into some challenge, we can discuss again. But so to let you know that. Another thing, another important thing he's working on is the Spark migration.
